it's OK
Today I came here to make a video.
different for you
o'ryan announces a new channel is a
literature channel the channel link goes
to be downstairs in the information booth
presume to do literature scales because
I love books so much when mom
decorated already physical improve channel 11
and youth will also have
It's something that I love and along with that
topic is the literature channel a new
the channel is already down and already
posted a video there some shopping the
book is along with this ad
of my new channel if you like
literature
I do not know in the new TV channel of the whole
week everyone was doing reviews of
books tags and many other things and
along with the also new channel I
I'll answer a tag from my books.
Let's go, the books are not there.
in order and thus avoided showing the
first second third to their
favorite books books that I'm more
fighting right now, I chose the
girl who stole books from marcus
titus is a very very good book it
I quite like the inserted game in
truth is a book that goes on at the time
of the Second World War and
and I'm very very cool now I
I will be very exciting book
and for those who like this theme, it's very
legal talks about a German family who
hid a Jew in one of them
during the holocaust and it is very
Now one of you, a series that I
O love because dilma be a trilogy and
last book has not yet left unfortunately
I already bought it in the pre-sale but only in
May that is the selection I have the tales
of the selection I have the coast split and the elite
2 363 are very good
these selection tales come with three
New chapters is the choice and
these books have happened in the future in
united states state was asked to have one
war and it has become a country called
And there's a girl named America.
so that
can a reality show hum that is
needed show chosen a princess
lohan girls to marry a
Prince and it's very, very cool, I
I highly recommend the selection and afraid
same
so why is it now too I got it
another series of books that is the series
announced a certain name of this series but I
I think suddenly there are four books
are limited romance novels if not
erotic but it 's a little busy
only four books is is suddenly destiny
the first second suddenly love the
third
suddenly he is the room
I suddenly wish here will tell the
story of four sisters
each book tells the story of a sister
What 's going on for my wedding?
sister of the last book and in the
way in the middle of the way that she is
each one in a place in the middle of the
way she found the love of life
yes it is very nice to each will
means of transport
the first one goes naked by plane meets the
her love on the plane
the second one is a train
the third is by car and the fourth is in the
ship and it's very, very cool I
really recommended is from your photos
authorized fox and is very very good because
I like novels a little more
spicy it's a very good series I
I really recommend it, and for
the last to actually represent a
engine that is the favorite author at the moment
I got here, there was no one from
rip off
I have tried some of the new not all
I have this one from him. I have a source.
nobody was his first book that
he is very good and is the favorite or without
Doubt we're very good, and it's a book.
cop I love suspended in suspense
This book is very good cop here.
very good football
I've got this one when she's gone.
Also very good, this is very good.
I arrived, did not you people calm down?
It was very good the tone is written on it's
very good and I know what a refuge
I have to open up trust and
confirm my preferred preferred
of all the radio club that
I'm representing him looked on.
not against anyone tells the story of
a couple his wife's wife
bruno pediatrician she dies and
after seven years after seven years
he gets an email saying 11 video and
he she with a little shorter hair
a little older and she puts it in the middle
Do not tell anyone what the title of the
of the book and this house that is all about
there is what is all about and began to
a series of events he perceives
by the police and has two teeth has a
lots of stuff and I recommend a lot to
who likes millet cops who have a
always suspend a suspense book
police officer
For those who like it, it 's very very very good.
that if I am I recommend round kolberg
of the staff making these my books
current favorites
obviously you have liked and
Please help out on the new channel.
be my channel as I already
said what he wanted in the information box
and I really hope you like it
channel and you enjoyed this my
video a kiss and until the next one the